This light
Frozen uterine orchid
What? How?
I took a look at all the academicians
How can the uterine orchid exceed my eyes?
Do you understand or not?
That woman has been stupid for more than ten years
How can you tell whether a violet is or not?
If you don't know when you open it, you will continue to open it.
Purple Poland is Purple Poland
Worth far more than a dozen billion
Ah, how is that possible?
Why should he drive out violets?
That's not possible.
Must be fake
I actually opened a violet
Nice, you drove it out. Go
Xueqing will do this again
I should be Mr. Li
Haha, of course.
She's my daughter.
Ok ok ok ok
I left you 15 years ago, and you deserve to die
Why do you have the ability to live
If I live this time, I will definitely die
Home belongs to me
Okay, stop arguing
How do you do it?
Let you, a stupid woman, fire Froran?
Yeah! How did you do that?
Ten minutes everywhere gambler master
How did you get it out?
Is the customer irrelevant to you?
You should fulfill the promise, haha.